at the corner of my cruise and broadway
at this point
coming up on
some of the fame playing hearts of
Uptown yeah uptown bank building
here now call the
Bridgeview bank of Uptown it looks like
the Aragon Ballroom agreed no lounge the
Uptown Theater all up ahead
see some of the remnants of what a
thriving strip this once was
we're getting into the higher density
parts of Uptown now
still great architecture at least the
older buildings
turn back North mode on kin war which we
traverse the earlier and more takes on a
very different character along this
stretch
st. Thomas of Canterbury Catholic Church
I cut you know eventually school off to
the other side of the camera over there
as the stretch of Kenmore has not been
as intensely condo as the parts south of
montrose
Crossing Ainsley
midamerica care center off to the left
smaller single-family homes next to the
year speed bumps everywhere
we're in Argyle Street
a heart of New Chinatown we really
should take drive down Argyle as a
separate matter we will
view construction 65 condo who were to
left
these streets have a mix of a variety of
buildings I don't have any architectural
integrity of the largely six flat gray
stone streets south of montrose
Crossing Wynonna went on that
and we're approaching foster here
you